Docs: Update preferred_practices.md (#6243)
artsy/eigen: docs/preferred_practices.md

# :world_map: Preferred Practices

This is a living document, expected to be updated regularly, a broad overview of the history and how we prefere to do things on eigen. Here you can find links to

- Tools we use
- Examples
- Pull requests with interesting discussions
- Blog posts

## Contents

- [Examples and Hacks](#examples-and-hacks)
- [History](#history)
- [TypeScript](#TypeScript)
- [File Structure Organization](#file-structure-organization)
- [Relay](#relay)
- [Prefer Relay containers (Higher Order Components) over Hooks](#prefer-relay-containers--higher-order-components--over-hooks)
- [styling](#styling)
- [Write unit tests for new components](#write-unit-tests-for-new-components)
- [Navigation](#Navigation)
- [Analytics and tracking](#analytics-and-tracking)
  - [Follow the tracking docs and examples](#follow-the-tracking-docs-and-examples)
- [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)

### Examples & Hacks

> Check out our list of [examples](#../../../EXAMPLES.md) and [hacks](#../../../HACKS.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out our list of [examples](/EXAMPLES.md) and [hacks](/HACKS.md)
```
I think this should make it link nicely

# :world_map: Preferred Practices

As we have built our app in React Native, our understanding of how to build software has evolved. As our understanding grows, newer code uses newer techniques. Older code is often left un-updated. It can be difficult to orient oneself around what the current preferred practices are.
This is a living document, expected to be updated regularly, with a broad overview of the history and how we prefere to do things on eigen.
Here you can find links to the tools we use, examples, pull requests with interesting discussions & blog posts.

This document is a map. Not of Eigen at a specific time, but a map of how we got here and where we want to go next. This is a living document, expected to be updated regularly, of links to:

- Example code.
- Pull requests with interesting discussions.
- Conversations on Slack.
- Blog posts.

> Links should point to specific commits, and not a branch (in case the branch or file is deleted, these links should always work). But it's possible that a file is outdated, that our understanding has moved on since it was linked to; in that case, please update this document.

Author: I thought I'd make it a bit shorter and less "instructive", as anyway we have quite some reviewing before we add something here.
So I removed the instruction about the edge case of "do not add a link to a branch, but to a commit".

Some parts of the history are also mentioned later.

In general I thought the voice before sounded like "we are struggling a bit" and tried to make it less of that, while still conveying the same information. 

Would you like to bring back some specific thing that is missing or revert all of it?

> Links should point to specific commits, and not a branch (in case the branch or file is deleted, these links should always work). But it's possible that a file is outdated, that our understanding has moved on since it was linked to; in that case, please update this document.

Reviewer 2: I personally find some of those tips useful but wanted to check with you to understand your point of view. I am fine with removing them definitely

  - [Follow the tracking docs and examples](#follow-the-tracking-docs-and-examples)
- [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)

## Current Preferred Practices
- [Examples and Hacks](#examples-and-hacks)
- [History](#history)
- [File Structure Organization](#file-structure-organization)
- [Styling](#styling)
- [TypeScript](#TypeScript)
- [Relay](#relay)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Navigation](#Navigation)
- [Analytics and tracking](#analytics-and-tracking)

The app is written in Objective-C and Swift, with React Native added in 2016. We only ship an iOS app, and do not yet use React Native for an Android app.
### Examples & Hacks

Objective-C and Swift (sometimes called "Native" code) are responsible for the following parts of the app:
Check out our lists of [examples](#../../../EXAMPLES.md) and [hacks](#../../../HACKS.md).

- Sign up/in flow ("onboarding").
- Live Auctions Integration (LAI) view controller and networking.
- The Auction view controller.
- The SwitchBoard (see "SwitchBoard" section below) to navigate between view controllers.
- The top-level tab bar, and each tab's navigation controller.
- Deep-link and notification handling (via SwitchBoard).
- Analytics for Native UI.

> - Initializing the React Native runtime.

Reviewer 2: I think here we are describing the parts of the app that are still being handled in native instead of react-native on iOS and this is the only place where they're being described

> - Initializing the React Native runtime.

Reviewer 3: @admbtlr added a section with this so I think this can be marked resolved!

  - [Follow the tracking docs and examples](#follow-the-tracking-docs-and-examples)
- [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)

### History

The app was initially written in Objective-C and Swift and React Native was added in 2016. Some parts of the app are also written with Kotlin.

> New features should be built in React Native.

Reviewer 4: Something like `Swift and Kotlin should only be used for "glue" code, or native functionality that is impossible to implement with React Native. Objective-C should be avoided.`

Reviewer 3: minor delta from RFC: https://github.com/artsy/README/pull/426 Objective-C can still be used for the thin bridging code, Swift for major feature work.

Author: @brainbicycle Thanks! 
Since you are more familiar with this topic, could you perhaps help me with some more context and the right phrasing here?

How about something like this:

- **React Native** By default we use React Native for new features. 
- **Kotlin**  should only be used for "glue" code, or native functionality that is impossible to implement with React Native. 
- **Objective-C** can be used for the thin bridging code (personal note: i am not sure what that means) and 
- **Swift** for major feature work that can't be done in React Native (such as: ___).

Reviewer 3: Sure! I think it should be something like this:

- **React Native** By default we use React Native for new features.
- **Objective-C**, Java can be used for bridging code to react native (this is referring to native modules that need to talk to javascript, more info in the react native docs here: https://reactnative.dev/docs/native-modules-ios)
- **Swift, Kotlin** for native functionality that can't be done in React Native (such as: an iOS Widget or a Push Notification Extension).

Reviewer 3: let me know if you have any questions on that

But we also use `test-renderer` and `enzyme` (in order of preference), that we'd ultimately like to remove.

- For setting up a test environment and mocking requests:

  - [`relay-test-utils`](https://relay.dev/docs/guides/testing-relay-components/) is the preferred way
  - [`MockRelayRenderer`](https://github.com/artsy/eigen/blob/39644610eb2a5609d992f434a7b37b46e0953ff4/src/lib/tests/MockRelayRenderer.tsx) and
  - [`renderRelayTree`](https://github.com/artsy/eigen/blob/164a2aaace3f018cdc472fdf19950163ff2b198d/src/lib/tests/renderRelayTree.tsx) are also being used but should gradually be removed.

- We write native unit tests when we work with native code
- We don’t use snapshot tests; they produce too much churn for too little value. It’s okay to test that a component doesn’t throw when rendered, but use [`extractText`](https://github.com/artsy/eigen/blob/4c7c9be69ab1c2095f4d2fed11a040b1bde6eba8/src/lib/tests/extractText.ts) (or similar) to test the actual component tree.

### Navigation

> We use `react-navigation` for navigating between screens, navigate function and new routes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We use `react-navigation` for navigating between screens. For adding a screen that corresponds to a page on artsy.net use the `navigate(<route-name>)` function and add a new route.
```

Reviewer 2: @patrinoua we don't actually use react-navigation for navigation in iOS. we use instead the Native Switchboard there. I would probably mention that and then do as you did by referring users to the add a new route docs

Author: @brainbicycle @MounirDhahri can you please have a look at this and come up with the right wording for this section and create a PR that we can add here?

See our documentation on adding a route for more details: [Adding a new route](https://github.com/artsy/eigen/blob/main/docs/adding_a_new_route.md).

### Analytics and tracking

> Implementing analytics and tracking [here](./analytics_and_tracking.md).

Reviewer 2: In React-native, we use `react-tracking` as a wrapper for the tracking events we send to Segment. You can read more about the implementation [here](./analytics_and_tracking.md).

`Note:` Updating capitalisation on folders can cause issues in git and locally so please refrain from renaming existing folders until we come up with a strategy about this. (TODO)

### Relay

[Metaphysics](https://github.com/artsy/metaphysics) is Artsy's GraphQL server. Requests to Metaphysics are made through [Relay](https://relay.dev).

- [Why Artsy uses Relay](http://artsy.github.io/blog/2017/02/05/Front-end-JavaScript-at-Artsy-2017/#Relay)
- [Artsy's Relay Workshop](https://github.com/artsy/relay-workshop)
- Collections
  // should we update these links?
  - [A top-level Relay component](https://github.com/artsy/eigen/blob/39644610eb2a5609d992f434a7b37b46e0953ff4/src/lib/Scenes/Collection/Collection.tsx)
  - [A fragment container](https://github.com/artsy/eigen/blob/39644610eb2a5609d992f434a7b37b46e0953ff4/src/lib/Scenes/Collection/Components/FeaturedArtists.tsx)
    We recently also started using relay-hooks and will soon link documents to that.

> ### Prefer Relay containers (Higher Order Components) over Hooks // !! is this still valid?

Reviewer 4: We should prefer relay hooks for all new implementations. Refactoring old containers to use hooks is encouraged.

> We have a preference for Relay containers due to `relay-hooks` hooks not being compatible with Relay containers which represent the majority of our components using Relay.

Reviewer 4: Pretty sure this can be removed - right @olerichter00 ?

> - [Relay Container approach](https://github.com/artsy/eigen/blob/21fbf9e24eaa281f3e16609da5d38a9fb62a5449/src/lib/Scenes/MyAccount/MyAccount.tsx#L70)

Reviewer 4: and this should be removed and replaced with a canonical relay hooks-based component

### styled-system / styled-components

> // !! is this still valid?

Reviewer: i feel like the following two list items could go away and be replaced by something like `We use [palette](src/palette) which uses styled-system under the hood`.

`Note:` Updating capitalisation on folders can cause issues in git and locally so please refrain from renaming existing folders until we come up with a strategy about this. (TODO)

> ### Relay

Author: Thanks Brian, I added "We use relay for network requests." to make it even more clear, while keeping it friendly 🤣, is it ok like this?
